Otherwise
You will die
die
Even the Western gods dare not step into the Lieutenant Colonel's half step
You dare to yell at me
The boy dares to walk in front of us
Hum up
You suck it, it's still a cheap stop
lineup
Didn't I ask you to send Ruxin back?
You didn't come back.
Ruxin, I have already sent Ruxin back.
I was worried about you so I came back
You're right to worry about him.
Because he's going to die.
Hahahaha
These were just normal bodyguards
And they are the elite team of our two countries
Our two countries' taekwondo reputation is worldwide
They are the originators of taekwondo
Hahahaha
Boy, I suggest you finally kneel down and apologize now
The monkey sleeps next
It's your head.